>> Brian Holt: I wanted to show a little
bit why you might wanna do this.
Let's say we wanted to add,
maybe someone clicks on this Adopt Me
that it does something, right?
So what we could do now is we could put in
handleTitleClick, or
something like that, some function name.
And we'll just do alert
you clicked the title.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now I have a function that I wanna run
anytime someone clicks on this h1.
>> Brian Holt: So I'm gonna come down
to this h1 and I'm gonna say onClick.
>> Brian Holt: So whenever someone clicks,
I want it to run this.handleTitleClick.
>> Brian Holt: So I made this function
here, handleTitleClick, and whenever
someone clicks on this h1 over here,
it's going to run this.handleTitleClick.
>> Brian Holt: Just talk about this for
just a moment.
It's one of the most confusing
parts about JavaScript and
it ends up being extremely
important in React.
So we will be talking a lot
about JavaScript context today.
In this case, this refers to whatever
instance of app that we have.
We're only gonna ever have
one instance of app, so
it's gonna be the application itself.
But it's key to keep in mind
that if I have a this for pet,
it's gonna be that particular pet, right?
It's not gonna be all pets,
it's just gonna be that one pet.
So now if we save this and
go over and refresh, and
we click on Adopt Me,
it'll say that you clicked the title.
>> Brian Holt: So this is how you add
interactivity to your application.
I like this because I
have handleTitleClick.
And obviously, you can do something
way more complicated here.
You can request from APIs.
You can do animations.
Anything you can imagine,
you can do that in here.
But I get to see the h1 right here and
I get to see what that h1 does within
the same view, within the same file.
This is actually another part of React
that I really like is every component
is its own world, right?
Everything that pertains to that
component lives in the same file.
And I love that because it makes
debugging things really, really easy.
I compare that with my AngularJS days,
which, to be fair, I wrote poor AngularJS.
But I also say that AngularJS let
me write poor AngularJS as well.
Now it's also possible to
write bad React as well.
But in any case, if you have a,
maybe I click on this and
it doesn't do exactly
what I was expecting.
If this was AngularJS,
what would be the problem?
It could be with the service.
It could be with the directive.
It could be with the controller.
It could be something inside of the scope.
It could be with some library that
you brought in on the directive.
It could be any number of things.
By knowing what the problem is,
you're really no closer to solving
what's wrong with it, right?
You have to look in nine places
to figure out what's wrong.
And that was a big problem with me with
my Angular application that I wrote
is that over time,
it got really difficult to debug because
there's a lot of magic with AngularJS.
And I think they've solved a lot of
these problems with Angular cuz there
are really smart engineers over there.
But this is what I really, really enjoy
about React, that If I click on this and
something doesn't go right,
I know exactly where to start, right?
It has to start with that component
because everything has to start there.
So we'd come over here and now we'd
see it's like, okay, I did something.
I had called alert instead of console.log
or whatever my problem is, right?
But I know instantly where to start.
By knowing what the problem is,
I know where to start.
Now don't get me wrong.
You could have to drill down
several more components.
It could be some library that I imported
or something like that, but you know where
to start the debugging process, and
I think that's really important.